fix(documentation): documentation guidelines (#409)
Vonage/vivid-3: docs/component-guidline.md

# Documentation Conventions
For better and unify components documentation

## Class Names

> ### Do:

Reviewer: title as _template guide_?

> ### Do:

Reviewer: add a point of how to call our class. we have _vivid{Component}_ and _VIVID{Component}_

- use `.base` for the first element in the component

> - Use `.control` for form control such as input, buttons ect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `.control` for the main form control such as input, buttons etc'.
```

> - Use kebab case and if containing more than one word should use hyphen.

Reviewer: kebab case is hypenated

### Dont:

- no need for adding vwc to the component name or the css class

> - no need for the component name in the classes

Reviewer: what?

Author: fixed

## Properties name

- `Heading` for the head or main text in the component.
- `Sub-Heading`
- `text`

### Slots Name
Use kebab case for slots name.

> - `Graphic` :for slots that are recommended for decorative element such as custom icon or image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Graphic` - for slots that are recommended for decorative element such as custom icon or image
```

> - `Graphic`

Reviewer: explain this as well. it sound similar to media

> - `Media` :for slot that are recommended to contain either images or video.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Media` - for slot that are recommended to contain either images or video.
```

- `Meta`

> - `Footer`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Footer` / `actions`
```

> - `Content` - should we chang to default?

Author: opened a [separate issue](https://github.com/Vonage/vivid-3/issues/414) for that

> - 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- App Content
```

Author: I'm not sure app is the right terminology for our components

Reviewer: app content is correct only in 2 places I can think of. side-drawer & top-app-bar. these are categorized as templating components

> - `App-content` :for slots in components that categorized as templating components (such as side-drawer, top-app-bar)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `App-content`: for slots in components that categorized as templating components (such as side-drawer, top-app-bar)
```

<hr> 

# Documentation
## Structure

```
# Component Name

> One summery line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One summary line
```

- Code import sample
- Code example preview 

## properties

### member 1
lorem ipsum

### member 2
lorem ipsum

## slots

### slot 1
lorem ipsum

## CSS variables

## Methods - ? (found in Accordion)

> ## Accessibility

Reviewer 2: Should accessibility be at the end?

Author: its not at the end - its the first issue to come after all the API members (properties, slots, css variables)

## Events - ? (found in banner)

> ## Use Cases

Author: yes :)

```
## Common repeating description

For each member need to specify (if there are):
- Type: `'member one'` | `'member two'` ...
- Default: `'default member'`

### Appearance
Set the `appearance` attribute to change the component's appearance.

### Shape
Use the `shape` attribute to set the component's edges.

> ### Density

Reviewer: we also have size in some components. both are used

Author: size is only in Icons.

#### Common version

Text can be decorated by an icon of choice. Use the `icon` member to set the icon's type.

###### View [list of available icons](https://icons.vivid.vonage.com)

#### short version (when there's only icon)

Use the `icon` member to set the icon type.

###### View [list of available icons](https://icons.vivid.vonage.com)

### Icon Trailing

Toggle `icon-trailing` member to set the icon’s placement at the beginning or end.

For each member need to specify (if there are):

- Type: `'member one'` | `'member two'` ...
- Default: `'default member'`

### Appearance

Use the `appearance` member to set the component's [appearance model](link to appearance guidelines).

### Connotation

Use the `connotation` member to set the component's [connotation color](link to connotation guidelines).

### Density

Use the `density` member to set the component's [block size extent](link to density and baseline block size guidelines).

### Shape

Use the `shape` member to set the component's rectangle shape.

<hr>

## Documentation style (Code-Preview style)

### Code preview options

```html preview blocks
code snipet
```

#### use of one of these options

- full
- center
- blocks

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

https://github.com/Vonage/vivid-3/blob/95df74b6284f28cbf4a31279db28d2a40fbc151e/apps/docs/transformers/code-block-demo/layout.js#L7-L11
```

#### Common version

Text can be decorated by an icon of choice. Use the `icon` member to set the icon's type.

###### View [list of available icons](https://icons.vivid.vonage.com)

#### short version (when there's only icon)

Use the `icon` member to set the icon type.

###### View [list of available icons](https://icons.vivid.vonage.com)

### Icon Trailing

Toggle `icon-trailing` member to set the icon’s placement at the beginning or end.

For each member need to specify (if there are):

- Type: `'member one'` | `'member two'` ...
- Default: `'default member'`

### Appearance

Use the `appearance` member to set the component's [appearance model](link to appearance guidelines).

### Connotation

Use the `connotation` member to set the component's [connotation color](link to connotation guidelines).

### Density

Use the `density` member to set the component's [block size extent](link to density and baseline block size guidelines).

### Shape

Use the `shape` member to set the component's rectangle shape.

<hr>

## Documentation style (Code-Preview style)

### Code preview options

```html preview blocks
code snipet
```

#### use of one of these options

> - full
> - center
> - blocks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- full
- blocks
- columns
- inline (default)
- center
```

# Documentation Conventions

For better and unify components documentation

## Template Guide

Use the new component generator to create a new component:  
`npm run nx g @vonage/nx-vivid:component my-component`

### CSS Class Names

- Use `.base` for the first element in the component.
- Use `.control` for the main form control such as input, buttons etc.'.
- Use kebab case.
- Our template is encapsulated, no need for the component name in the nested elements class-name (like `card-header`).

## Property Names

- `heading` for the head or main text in the component.
- `sub-heading`
- `text`
- `label`

### Slot Names

Use kebab case for slots name.

> - `graphic` - for slots that are recommended for decorative element such as custom icon or image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `graphic` - for a slot bound to contain a decorative figure; such as a custom icon or image
```

> - `media` - for slot that are recommended to contain either images or video.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `media` - for a slot bound to contain visual elements; such as an illustration, video etc'.
```

- `meta`
- `footer / actions`

> - `action-ites / action-items` - ?

Reviewer: ?

Author: typo 😆

> - `content`

Reviewer: remove in favor of main?

> - `App-content` - Maybe change it to `app-main` for slots in components that categorized as templating components (such as side-drawer, top-app-bar).

Reviewer: this apply to only top-bar and side-drawer. let's change to `main` alone?

Reviewer: yeah

<hr>

## Documentation

### Structure

```
# Component Name
One summary line

- Code import sample
- Code example preview 

> ## properties

Reviewer: consider?
```suggestion
## Members (properties / attributes)
```

### member 1

> lorem ipsum

Reviewer: ```suggestion

`{{ description }}`

- type: `{{ type }}`
- default: `{{ default }}`
lorem ipsum
```

###### View [list of available icons](https://icons.vivid.vonage.com)

#### short version (when there's only icon)

Use the `icon` member to set the icon type.

###### View [list of available icons](https://icons.vivid.vonage.com)

### Icon Trailing

Toggle `icon-trailing` member to set the icon’s placement at the beginning or end.

For each member need to specify (if there are):

- Type: `'member one'` | `'member two'` ...
- Default: `'default member'`

### Appearance

Use the `appearance` member to set the component's [appearance model](link to appearance guidelines).

### Connotation

Use the `connotation` member to set the component's [connotation color](link to connotation guidelines).

### Density

Use the `density` member to set the component's [block size extent](link to density and baseline block size guidelines).

### Shape

Use the `shape` member to set the component's rectangle shape.

<hr>

## Documentation style (Code-Preview style)

### Code preview options

```html preview blocks
code snipet
```

#### use of one of these options

- full
- blocks
- columns
- inline (default)
- center

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
e.g.
````
```html preview blocks
<!-- content goes here -->
```
````

### Styling wrapper div

- `.cover-fill`
- `.cover-full`

> - `.demo-gradient`

Reviewer: I dont think these belong in a docs. the practice of including it should be changed

Reviewer: and extracted to code fence attributes (as we did recently)

###### View [list of available icons](https://icons.vivid.vonage.com)

#### short version (when there's only icon)

Use the `icon` member to set the icon type.

###### View [list of available icons](https://icons.vivid.vonage.com)

### Icon Trailing

Toggle `icon-trailing` member to set the icon’s placement at the beginning or end.

For each member need to specify (if there are):

- Type: `'member one'` | `'member two'` ...
- Default: `'default member'`

### Appearance

Use the `appearance` member to set the component's [appearance model](link to appearance guidelines).

### Connotation

Use the `connotation` member to set the component's [connotation color](link to connotation guidelines).

### Density

Use the `density` member to set the component's [block size extent](link to density and baseline block size guidelines).

### Shape

Use the `shape` member to set the component's rectangle shape.

<hr>

## Documentation style (Code-Preview style)

### Code preview options

```html preview blocks
code snipet
```

#### use of one of these options

- full
- blocks
- columns
- inline (default)
- center

> https://github.com/Vonage/vivid-3/blob/95df74b6284f28cbf4a31279db28d2a40fbc151e/apps/docs/transformers/code-block-demo/layout.js#L7-L11

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Documentation Conventions

For better and unify components documentation

## Template Guide

Use the new component generator to create a new component:  
`npm run nx g @vonage/nx-vivid:component my-component`

> ### CSS Class Names

Reviewer: The following headers should be grouped under **Terminology**

Author: you mean another sub-title? or instead of _CSS Class Names_?
